what's up everyone this is cyber 98 6 10
and today we have a special pack opening
for you guys will be opening up 11 packs
of dragons of legend yes these packs are
a pain to fine now Hastings has a set or
they have so excuse me where you could
get a 2-pack to get one free so i was
able to all these packs and 11 packs i
know it's weird number that's all they
had so I also got like a secret to
return to Deepak just with it so I need
another one free of course with that and
yeah let's just see what we get from
these hopefully we'll do well I mean
there's a lot of good cards from this
yeah I was happy to see that they even
had these I knew that Hastings had cards
but uh it's cool to see some of the
older ones they're wiretap that's good
to get and we have a rank up magic
admiration of the thousands for our
secret air I'm secret ears that are
really goodness because it's not too
easy to find i was hoping i get a box of
this again but i think they're really
expensive now shooting star it's a
cool-looking sticker air remember that
one anything with Stardust Dragon i
think is cool though so it's one of my
favorite cards let's see number monster
giant hand and we have black Sonic one
of the yeah Blackwing cards come on
mathematician or tonight this is the
main thing I'm hoping for but uh we'll
see sole charge that's still pretty good
to get and we have another ring Cup
matches once rank-up-magic a quick chaos
what else we got here so far not really
some of the better seeker air so
hopefully a little bit better there we
go when the focus on for a second
another soul charge and mathematician
there we go there's one the good ones
that are where we are one to get I think
it's 10 hours last time I checked it
might be more than that
so it's really good card already have my
place of them I still kept those which
I'm glad I did but yeah great card to
get from this and it seems funny of
course that they even printed this card
I remember that from GX yet was Bastion
I think I used it's a mathematician well
this pack just yeah just go to pieces
alright let's see what else we have here
yeah toast and we have Express train a
trolley olley and always like that card
just because of the name not really any
other reason train cards are pretty cool
too but i believe the main ones were
exclusives so no idea where again those
are they we might be get them in april i
don't remember sole charge and another
black Sonic don't remember when we're
supposed to get those I know they were
exclusive so there we go train
connection another train card and we
have a gate blocker remember thinking
that that was kind of funny lady photo
created this guy remember that from 5ds
interesting cards oh there we go man
these pax's these packs are just falling
to pieces pax's whatever i'm trying to
say another one of the trolley olley
left there we go and we have another
gate blocker on there and last pack can
we end with Timaeus come on let's see
there we go wiretap and a rose disciple
I don't usually get one of these when I
do an opening on a dragon to legend I
really like this card I think the
artworks really cool on it and it was
quick hard to get made to but yeah there
we go we only got one mathematician
unfortunately and didn't really get any
ice or fire hands I'll try to see if I
can find more in these packs in the
future too but still just fun to open up
something say it seems we're there at
your old now I guess it's been almost a
year I don't member
the exact month they came out maybe it
was like march or something so I guess
it's not an exact here yet but still an
awesome pack and hopefully I can find
more of them in the future too because i
like doing well pings on them we hope
you guys enjoyed of course thank you for
watching as always made to comment rate
and subscribe and of course I will get
you guys later see you hope you guys
have enjoyed my latest video be sure to
subscribe for more UV em videos as well
as check out my other two channels
cybernet games for let's plays and also
a cybernetic ccg for cardfight vanguard
openings thank you for watching and I'll
catch you guys later see it